{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dynamic sections \'96 header to swipe out\'97> \
\
On the top story listing \'96 the label should come first and then the time stamp\'97>\
\
Better loading icon \'96 UI will be shared - UI not shared. \
\
We are changing the navigation style from the existing drop-down to horizontal view (please use the same design as the one shared for the flip app). Can the last category rotate around and become the first one so that we have a never-ending list of categories? By default though, we will have TopStories selected\'97> \
\
Check on an option to avoid pixellation on the splash screen animation\'97>\
\
Scroll to top is not working\'97> \
\
Fix the story page where the story doesn't bounce back (elastic) when we reach the end of the story--->\
\
Swipe a notification to its respective category under notification hub-->\
\
Feedback about location: I think this happens if you say no. If a user says no, it should stay no (pending from last release)--> \
\
Listing feed optimisation (Ravi's mail)-->\
 \
Extra gray space under dynamic sections (check football section)--> \
\
Deepanshu's list of calls being made to be fixed (the ones that were dropped in the last release)\
storing the config file locally and updating it on every launch.-->\
\
Avoiding data fetching calls in Comments.--> \
\
\
Also, what to seems to be a bug, please check -- caching gets enabled when I go to the settings menu. By default. It should stay off till someone switches it on explicitly.\
\
Whenever the user opens the app, the badge (with whatever number it has) should disappear. Notification count is 0 at this point. And this should happen WHENEVER the app is opened. Not when a notification comes, not when they open a notification from the pull down drawer. It should be ANYTIME the app is opened\
If the user opens the app from the home screen icon, the app should open in the last opened place or on the featured tapestries. \
If the user opens the app from a notification alert or from a notification in the pull down drawer, it should open in the notification centre\
\
Removed Loading indicator from cricket section, Introduced Tab UI for Commentary and Scorecard.\
\
\
}